content/centralized: Document how to request access (#233)
coderefinery/git-collaborative: content/centralized.md

  ````{tab} Participating via stream
  The instructors are the **administrators**.  All watchers are
  **collaborators**.  This exercise is only possible during our
  livestream courses - otherwise we will not grant you access and the
  repositories may not exist.

  ```{admonition} If you have not requested access (our emails asked yesterday)
  ---
  class: dropdown
  ---
  If you have not yet requested access, could you please [open an
  issue in this
  repository](https://github.com/cr-workshop-exercises/centralized-workflow-exercise/issues/new).

>   Give any title like "please add me" and then click submit.  Wait a
>   minute for an invite email to arrive (someone does this manually).

Author: ```suggestion
  Give any title like "please add me" and then click submit.  Wait a
  minute for staff to add you, then wait for the invite email to arrive and *accept the invitation from the email*.
```
